should we take a look at them then
right things like this are
usually done through museums yes but
with the wall coming they couldn't
embark upon any new ventures
well i've been on digs since i was old
enough to hold a trowel
my father taught me
what are they we're standing in
someone's graveyard i reckon
viking oh maybe older
mr brown is an archaeologist well i'm an
excavator
you've come to dig up the mountains so
you think there's something beneath
who are those men they're from the
museum she
gods this is pretty i think you'd better
come and see
why would anyone want to bury a ship i
would expect this is a grave of a
warrior or a king
there's more there's much more wars
looming more all hands are on deck to
excavate before hostilities begin
the dark ages are no longer dark
everyone's gonna want a piece and this
is your find
why else will you be playing around in
the dirt while the rest of the country
prepares for war
does that mean something
from the first human handprint on a cave
wall
we're part of something continuous
life is very fleeting i've learned that
would you have dinner with me yes it has
moments you should seize
[Music]
a man could dig the earth it's all life
through
[Applause]
not find anything like i've discovered
mr brown we're coming towards the edge
of the atmosphere
you say the word an oil
dig
[Music]
you